Update index.mdx (#54)
acid-info/waku.org: src/pages/index.mdx

    {
      title: 'Private',
      description:

>         'Waku uses cutting-edge zk technology to protect applications from Denial of Service attacks. Tailor your application's privacy settings to suit your needs.',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'Waku uses cutting-edge zero-knowledge technology to protect applications from Denial of Service attacks. Tailor your application's privacy settings to suit your needs.',
```
